c:\users\sakthijananit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\sakthijananit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\sakthijananit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\sakthijananit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\sakthijananit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\sakthijananit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\sakthijananit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\Bin\Debug\TamilKeyboard.dll
c:\users\sakthijananit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\Bin\Debug\TamilKeyboard.pdb
c:\users\sakthijananit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\sakthijananit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\Bin\Debug\TamilKeyboard_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\sakthijananit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\sakthijananit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\sakthijananit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\obj\Debug\TamilKeyboard.g.resources
c:\users\sakthijananit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\obj\Debug\TamilKeyboard.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\sakthijananit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\obj\Debug\TamilKeyboard.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\sakthijananit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\obj\Debug\TamilKeyboard.dll
c:\users\sakthijananit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\obj\Debug\TamilKeyboard.pdb
c:\users\sakthijananit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\sakthijananit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\Bin\Debug\ta-IN\TamilKeyboard.resources.dll
c:\users\sakthijananit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\Bin\Debug\ta-LK\TamilKeyboard.resources.dll
c:\users\sakthijananit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\Bin\Debug\ta\TamilKeyboard.resources.dll
c:\users\sakthijananit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\obj\Debug\TamilKeyboard.Resources.AppResources.ta-IN.resources
c:\users\sakthijananit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\obj\Debug\TamilKeyboard.Resources.AppResources.ta-LK.resources
c:\users\sakthijananit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\obj\Debug\TamilKeyboard.Resources.AppResources.ta.resources
c:\users\sakthijananit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\obj\Debug\ta-IN\TamilKeyboard.resources.dll
c:\users\sakthijananit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\obj\Debug\ta-LK\TamilKeyboard.resources.dll
c:\users\sakthijananit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\obj\Debug\ta\TamilKeyboard.resources.dll
C:\Users\silambarasanv\Desktop\finalbuild\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\silambarasanv\Desktop\finalbuild\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
C:\Users\silambarasanv\Desktop\finalbuild\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
C:\Users\silambarasanv\Desktop\finalbuild\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
C:\Users\silambarasanv\Desktop\finalbuild\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
C:\Users\silambarasanv\Desktop\finalbuild\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
C:\Users\silambarasanv\Desktop\finalbuild\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\Bin\Debug\TamilKeyboard.dll
C:\Users\silambarasanv\Desktop\finalbuild\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\Bin\Debug\TamilKeyboard.pdb
C:\Users\silambarasanv\Desktop\finalbuild\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\Bin\Debug\ta-IN\TamilKeyboard.resources.dll
C:\Users\silambarasanv\Desktop\finalbuild\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\Bin\Debug\ta-LK\TamilKeyboard.resources.dll
C:\Users\silambarasanv\Desktop\finalbuild\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\Bin\Debug\ta\TamilKeyboard.resources.dll
C:\Users\silambarasanv\Desktop\finalbuild\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\silambarasanv\Desktop\finalbuild\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
C:\Users\silambarasanv\Desktop\finalbuild\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\Bin\Debug\TamilKeyboard_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
C:\Users\silambarasanv\Desktop\finalbuild\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\silambarasanv\Desktop\finalbuild\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\silambarasanv\Desktop\finalbuild\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\obj\Debug\TamilKeyboard.g.resources
C:\Users\silambarasanv\Desktop\finalbuild\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\obj\Debug\TamilKeyboard.Resources.AppResources.resources
C:\Users\silambarasanv\Desktop\finalbuild\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\obj\Debug\TamilKeyboard.Resources.AppResources.ta-IN.resources
C:\Users\silambarasanv\Desktop\finalbuild\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\obj\Debug\TamilKeyboard.Resources.AppResources.ta-LK.resources
C:\Users\silambarasanv\Desktop\finalbuild\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\obj\Debug\TamilKeyboard.Resources.AppResources.ta.resources
C:\Users\silambarasanv\Desktop\finalbuild\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\obj\Debug\TamilKeyboard.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\silambarasanv\Desktop\finalbuild\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\obj\Debug\ta-IN\TamilKeyboard.resources.dll
C:\Users\silambarasanv\Desktop\finalbuild\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\obj\Debug\ta-LK\TamilKeyboard.resources.dll
C:\Users\silambarasanv\Desktop\finalbuild\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\obj\Debug\ta\TamilKeyboard.resources.dll
C:\Users\silambarasanv\Desktop\finalbuild\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\obj\Debug\TamilKeyboard.dll
C:\Users\silambarasanv\Desktop\finalbuild\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\obj\Debug\TamilKeyboard.pdb
C:\Users\silambarasanv\Desktop\finalbuild\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\silambarasanv\Desktop\finalbuild\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\Bin\Debug\JeffWilcox.PhoneThemeManager.dll
C:\Users\silambarasanv\Desktop\finalbuild\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\Bin\Debug\JeffWilcox.PhoneThemeManager.pdb
C:\Users\silambarasanv\Desktop\finalbuild\TamilKeyboard\TamilKeyboard\obj\Debug\TamilKeyboard.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
